.TH "Fauna.Types.BaseRefBuilder< T >" 3 "Version 0.4.0-beta" "Fauna v10 .NET/C# Driver" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Fauna.Types.BaseRefBuilder< T >
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBBaseRef\fP< T > \fBBuild\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "string? \fBId\fP\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string? \fBName\fP\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBModule\fP? \fBCollection\fP\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string? \fBCause\fP\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool? \fBExists\fP\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "T? \fBDoc\fP\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line \fB3\fP of file \fBBaseRefBuilder\&.cs\fP\&.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBBaseRef\fP< T > \fBFauna\&.Types\&.BaseRefBuilder\fP< T >\&.Build ()"

.PP
Definition at line \fB12\fP of file \fBBaseRefBuilder\&.cs\fP\&.
.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "string? \fBFauna\&.Types\&.BaseRefBuilder\fP< T >\&.Cause\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB8\fP of file \fBBaseRefBuilder\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "\fBModule\fP? \fBFauna\&.Types\&.BaseRefBuilder\fP< T >\&.Collection\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB7\fP of file \fBBaseRefBuilder\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "T? \fBFauna\&.Types\&.BaseRefBuilder\fP< T >\&.Doc\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB10\fP of file \fBBaseRefBuilder\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "bool? \fBFauna\&.Types\&.BaseRefBuilder\fP< T >\&.Exists\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB9\fP of file \fBBaseRefBuilder\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "string? \fBFauna\&.Types\&.BaseRefBuilder\fP< T >\&.Id\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB5\fP of file \fBBaseRefBuilder\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "string? \fBFauna\&.Types\&.BaseRefBuilder\fP< T >\&.Name\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB6\fP of file \fBBaseRefBuilder\&.cs\fP\&.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Fauna v10 \&.NET/C# Driver from the source code\&.
